documentation/extended-documentation/notification-service/notifiers/email-notifier.md, before:

# Email Notifier
Receiving notifications via email is still a powerful way to drive automated systems and receive remote prompts.

Payara Server is now able to direct notifications from the [Notification service](/documentation/extended-documentation/notification-service/notification-service.md) to a single given email address.

## Requirements
To use an email address as a notification target you must have a valid email address, and the smtp address for your email host.

## Configuration
At a high level, the steps to configure the email notifier are:
1. Within Payara create a JavaMail Session
- Create the notifier using either the asadmin command or the Admin Console

### JavaMail Configuration
If you don't already have a JavaMail session set up, you will need one to send the notifications. The steps to create a new JavaMail session in Payara are as follows:

#### From the Admin Console

1. JavaMail sessions are added from the `Resources` tab on the left pane of the Admin Console. Select `New` on the `Sessions` table to create a new JavaMail session.

  ![](/assets/admin-console-javamail-location.png)

- Fill in the required fields. The example below shows configuring a mail host with an address of `mail.payara.fish`, where mail will be sent from the service from the address `payara@payara.fish`. You must ensure that you have added in your authentication details here.

  ![](/assets/admin-console-email-notifier-configuration.png)

- Once you have 
#### Using asadmin Commands

```Shell
asadmin create-javamail-resource --mailhost mail.payara.fish --mailuser _mailuser_ --fromaddress _fromaddress_ --property mail-smtp-starttls-enable=true:mail-smtp-auth=true:mail-smtp-password=_password_ mail/EmailNotifications
```

Commit message:

PYSVC-267 Added in JavaMail as a separate page, reordered email-notifier.md

documentation/extended-documentation/notification-service/notifiers/email-notifier.md, after:

# Email Notifier
Receiving notifications via email is still a powerful way to drive automated systems and receive remote prompts.

Payara Server is now able to direct notifications from the [Notification service](/documentation/extended-documentation/notification-service/notification-service.md) to a single given email address.

## Requirements
To use an email address as a notification target you must have a valid email address, and the smtp address for your email host.

## Configuration
At a high level, the steps to configure the email notifier are:
1. Within Payara create a JavaMail Session
- Create the notifier using either the asadmin command or the Admin Console.

### Email Notifier Configuration
If you don't already have a JavaMail session set up, you will need one to send the notifications. Instructions on setting up a JavaMail session can be found [here](/documentation/extended-documentation/javamail.md).

The steps to create an Email Notifier in Payara Server are as follows:

The email notifier is enabled from the Notification tab of your instance configuration. Here the jndiName of the JavaMail session and the intended address are entered. The email notifier supports a single email address.

  ![](/assets/admin-console-email-notifier-configuration-2.png)

Mirroring the above screenshot for the Admin Console, to set up an email notifier using asadmin commands:

````Shell
asadmin notification-email-configure --jndiName=emailNotifier --to=notifications@payara.fish --enabled=true --dynamic=true
````

To check the currently applied configuration from asadmin, run the command:
```Shell
asadmin get-email-notifier-configuration
```

This will return the current configuration, whether it is enabled, the "to" address, and the JNDI name of the JavaMail session in use.
